I have learned a lot about rings and
about myself in the past week of testing
the Galaxy ring it's been an adventure
I've gotten resized I've had some
existential thoughts and at the end I
have maybe a hot take on Smart Rings
versus smart watches so buckle
[Applause]
[Music]
up smart Rings they've been around for a
while now uh the AA ring came out like
10 years ago as a Kickstarter but the
main point of these the whole advantage
of it is you can wear it 24/7 24 hours a
day 7 days a week it has a 7day long
battery life so the whole idea is you
just walk around like living life with a
ring on like normal living eating
sleeping showering swimming whatever
just with a ring and that's honestly the
most impressive thing about the smart
ring to me is the fact that it gets so
close in Dimensions to like a regular
ring that some people would wear now
keep in mind if you have smaller hands
it'll look bigger but it's 2.6 mm thick
so it kind of bulges Around Your Finger
but aside from that it just looks normal
it's not a tiny ring but I mean that
it's still I'm impressed by how much
Tech they shove into this tiny little
frame and by Tech I mean a small battery
and a couple pretty basic sensors but
when you put it all together you get
this all day activity tracker that you
can kind of just put on at the beginning
of the week and then forget about it not
worry about the battery life just wear
it every day every night and then just
get a ton of valuable Insight on your
health and sleep and energy levels at
least that's the ideal use case now I
have never worn a ring before so there's
always some layer of like getting used
to wearing something on your finger
every day but then on top of that there
are a couple other best practices like
things you should know about wearing
this one so first of all there is a
correct way to wear it okay all the
sensors are on the same side of the Ring
lined up at the bottom with this little
Notch so you're supposed to align All
Those sensors with the Palm side of your
hand for the best readings and then
you're supposed to wear it on your index
finger for the best results so
apparently not actually on your ring
finger so once you get this right you
should have all the info showing up in
the Samsung Health app this is calories
burned steps taken how many miles you've
covered and it all accumulates it
together with this one energy score
which is out of a 100 so I was wearing
my Apple watch Ultra at the same exact
time that I was testing the ring and so
I'm looking at the numbers back and
forth and it seems like the ring and the
watch are way off from each other like
the ring I'm just goingon to say it's
over counting a lot of uh regular
activity but then it didn't count nearly
as many floors climbed for some reason
so I don't know there's just there's a
big Delta between these numbers and then
I also at one point took the ring off
for a while around 1 p.m. One Day More
on that later but it continued to show
heart rate ranges all the way you can
see here until 3:00 a.m. when but I am
definitely not wearing it that's kind of
weird you know I did that challenge a
while ago of walking a thousand steps in
a bunch of smart watches and with a
podometer and they were all within a few
percent of each other so I think I lean
towards trusting the watch over the ring
numbers but that brings me to the
importance of sizing because you only
get one size you don't get to adjust it
like you would with a watch right so uh
you might have seen this right here this
thing is a Samsung's ring sizing kit you
can buy this on their site for 10 bucks
and then you get a whole bunch of
different plastic versions of the ring
and they even have the Nubs on the
inside for the sensors so you try a
bunch of these on and you try to figure
which one is the most snug but won't
fall off and that'll be the size of the
ring that you get and then you get 10
bucks off the The Ring itself so I bring
this up because I totally did the size
kit thing either with the wrong finger
or I did something wrong because I ended
up with a ring size 11 which
it was a little too big when I got the
actual ring uh and so I noticed that
because it was It was kind of loose it
didn't really feel comfortable all the
time and then there would be like gaps
in my sleep readings which probably just
meant that it was like pushed off of my
finger while I was asleep and it wasn't
actually reading anything so I got a new
size I got the size 10 and then it felt
much better and by the way it turns out
the index finger is a much better place
to put like a heart rate monitor and
other sorts of vitals sensors than the
back of the wrist this is one of those
weird Secrets or whatever that nobody
really talks about with smartw watches
which is that the back of the wrist is a
horrible place to measure any of this
stuff but yeah the ring that's that's
where you should get that info now
here's the thing that using this smart
ring for a while actually taught me
about myself all the benefits are still
true like it's more wearable than a
watch 24/7 definitely it's got that full
week-long battery life it's legit you
can basically forget you're wearing it
after a few days in a row and have lots
of ways to wear it out it's more
versatile you don't have to dress it up
or dress it down to match an outfit it's
just a simple concave titanium design
that looks good anywhere there's three
colors gold silver or matte black so you
already know this mte black one feels
right at home I've just discovered that
I'm not a big smart ring person myself
that's just what it's come down to the
main thing is the activities that I do
that I care about the most uh I can't
have anything on my hands like number
one Ultimate Frisbee lot of throwing a
lot of catching golf where the the ring
again just doesn't work and uh weight
training a lot of grip stuff just can't
have a ring on so for each of those
major workout activities I take the ring
off which defeats the purpose of a
fitness tracker that's supposed to know
everything about my fitness when it's
not tracking the most important workout
stuff that I do now I did keep the ring
on for some other like lighter Pio
workouts and there is auto workout
detection but with the lighter workouts
like where you're not moving quickly and
your heart rate doesn't Spike up super
high then the auto workout detection
didn't work super well at least for me
and same thing for sleep tracking I had
a couple of days on here where it thinks
I actually didn't go to sleep until
midnight when I was actually in bed
earlier than that with the ring on it
just didn't know and I can see the exact
numbers because the smart mattress cover
the eight sleep did pick up everything
which is a great segue because this
video is sponsored by Aid sleep so I was
recently telling you guys how uh the two
times better cooling performance was
helping me actually sleep better and
getting more 100 sleep scores which it
still is but also the autopilot
intelligence automatically adjusts the
temperature throughout the night and the
elevation on the ultra responding to
sensor readings to find the optimal
sleep conditions so altoe the Pod Forest
Tech is clinically validated to increase
Total Sleep Time by up to an hour every
night and increase de sleep up to 2 and
1/2 hours a month and reduce wake up
time by up to 3 hours per month and it's
just as comfortable as the last gen so I
kind of love it so if you want to check
out one for yourself you can go to ad
sleep.com MKBHD and get 350 bucks off a
pod 4 ultra or 200 bucks off a pod 4 and
with that money you could you can get a
whole smart ring actually but anyway my
point is if I am taking my ring off for
my most important workout activities
then this is not a great activity
tracker for me clearly and even for my
lighter workouts turned out the wrist
thing that I have on that has a screen
on it even though it's not the optimal
place and it's not the optimal form
factor to wear 24/7 I can tell it when
I'm starting a workout and I can
actually have it track the specific sets
of time where I'm using it for a workout
that I needed to know everything about
so the ring I I like the idea of it but
it's just not for me which is really too
bad cuz I love the idea of it not
distracting me with notifications it
never vibrates it never makes any noise
there's no speaker in it it's just this
24/7 Ultra minimal smart wearable with a
stripped down feature set that you can
wear for a week at a time like that's a
sick idea and Samsung's made this nice
little case for theirs that charges the
ring inductively from the inside and has
these clever little LEDs to indicate how
much battery is left in the case and in
the ring so it can charge the ring up to
one and a half more times with its own
built-in battery so it's just it's not
meant to replace a smartwatch it's just
a different offering of a product into
the same ecosystem but that conveniently
brings me to my last point which is
they've leaned heavy into the ecosystem
thing with the Galaxy ring so there are
some specific Samsung only features
where like you can dismiss an alarm or
uh take a picture with a gesture with
your Samsung phone which is hilarious I
don't think anyone's going to do that
very often but it also only works with
with a Samsung Galaxy phone that's
according to Samsung on their site so
that the Galaxy Ring can only be paired
to a Galaxy phone not any Android phone
just a Samsung phone so I happen to be
using a Samsung phone right now and
that's fine and I can test it but if I
was using a pixel or something else I
don't see what would stop me from just
picking up an aura ring or an ultra
human ring or any of those others which
basically have the same feature set but
work with any Android phone other than
this one not having a Subs description
which actually is pretty sick so at the
end of the day this ring is for people
who already have a Samsung phone and who
prefer the wearability of a ring over
the functionality of something like a
smartwatch because a smartwatch clearly
is more functional but less wearable so
this is this thing is all about the
Simplicity which is probably a good time
to mention the one feature that I wish
the ring did have which is either like
some sort of tiny speaker or maybe some
Ultra wide band antenna or something
like that something to make it easier to
find if you lose it because if you do
lose it well this is a really hard to
find like there's a find my function in
the app which I can tell you gives you
the rough GPS location based on the last
spot that it was connected to your phone
and it can light up the LEDs on the
inside that it uses to measure heart
rate so if it's really dark maybe you'll
see it visually but if it's not out
somewhere invisible like if it's in a
pocket or underneath something or out of
sight
then yeah you've got about as good a
chance of finding this as a regular ring
which uh yeah is what did actually end
up happening to me the uh other smaller
ring that I was wearing before I got
this one resized I at some point it fell
off my wrist or hand and I just never
found it so yeah Samsung for watching
this sorry about that uh hopefully I do
find it at some point and I can ship it
back to you but that's that's my feature
request along with hopefully not giving
me Phantom heart rate readings till 3:
in the morning that's still kind of
creepy
anyway that's been it thanks for
watching let me know what you think and
I'll catch you guys in the next one
peace
[Music]